(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
(Episode 18)
(Seo Ji An is not Choi Eun Seok)
Gather around and smile. I'll take your photo.
1, 2, 3.
Ji An, how did you get here?
Just a moment.
Congratulations, Ji Tae.
Congratulations to you too.
Thank you for coming.
How did you get here?
I stopped by on my way to the airport. I should go.
Mom. Dad. Bye.
Seo Ji An.
Your hair looks nice.
You should do that all the time.
Bye now.
Hey, but...
What was that? She left so fast.
At least, she made it for the picture.
She tried indeed.
Subtitle ripped and resynced by redixion
It's that way.
What are you doing here? I told you to go ahead.
Let's go.
Thank you.
I really appreciate...
how you helped me...
to be there for my brother's wedding.
Like I said before,
you're both victims.
And this moment can never be brought back.
Did Ji Soo tell you that Ji Tae's wedding was here?
So Ji Soo asked you for a favor.
Did you know...
that I met Ji Soo?
She never lies to me.
When she brought me sandwiches,
she told me that she met you.
Hop in. Are you going to work?
I'll go on my own.
We could say we met for work.
It's fine to go together.
No.
I delayed your work to bring you here.
I'm giving you a ride so you can go back faster.
Get in.
You're grateful and sorry,
and I brought you here in secret.
I don't know what I'm doing.
I'm sorry.
Stop apologizing. Please.
What are you going to do?
What are you going to do...
when the day comes?
I have never thought...
about something like that.
You don't have a plan?
I'm already busy...
taking care of the anniversary event.
That's already more than I can handle.
So I must ask you for one more favor.
I'm going to stay at the night duty room...
until the anniversary event is over.
You're going to sleep there?
I need to get some sleep.
I go home after 1am and leave before 6am.
I was able to do it until now,
but I still have one more week left until the event.
I see.
That might be easier for you.
Let's do that.
I'll stop by later to get my clothes.
I'll tell my parents...
that you can't come home starting today.
We'll get going now.
Bye.
Give me a call when you get there.
Say hello to Soo A's parents.
Yes.
You're not single anymore.
You must be happy. Thanks to your wife,
you're going to Canada for your honeymoon.
Be nice to her.
- I know. - Be nice.
- We'll leave now. - Okay. Bye.
- Have a nice trip. - Have a safe trip.
Let's go.
It's been a while since I saw him smiling.
They look great together.
I'm going to have my wedding here too.
Wedding?
What?
Have you saved up? Do you have at least 100 dollars?
I'll start saving up from now on.
And you don't need money to have a wedding here.
I'll wear my dress and handwrite the invitations.
I'll make the sandwiches and the cake myself.
Get a boyfriend first.
Won't I have someone some day?
Someone who loves me so much like he does.
- Thank you. - Keep up the good work.
Myung Shin, what brings you here?
I was in the area,
so I was about to call you to see if we could meet.
But who is that guy?
I'll tell you if you have lunch with me.
You still haven't had your lunch?
I was busy.
I can only spare 30 minutes now.
- Let's go. - Okay.
So you went to Ji Tae's wedding...
with your new brother?
Yes.
But why were you staring at his car?
I was sorry for him.
Sorry about what?
How annoyed would he be?
He can't turn his back as I once was his sister.
He'll let me finish the project as it's necessary,
but I broke his car to prevent the chairman...
from finding out that I'm not Choi Eun Seok.
Even though we're busy, he took me...
to Ji Tae's wedding because Ji Soo asked so.
When I went to see the natural dye master,
I made him come all the way to the mountain.
However,
since I got Mr. Jung to help us with the project,
he can't be angry at me.
He's very particular about where he eats,
but he must have been starving...
to have eaten soup that was cooked a week ago.
The bean sprouts were saggy like threads,
and the spring onions were mushy.
Ji An.
Do you like him?
Who?
The guy who used to be your brother.
Ji Soo's real brother.
The vice president that you stared at.
The person you are constantly talking about.
What?
You're talking nonsense.
I'm grateful and sorry. I feel shameful.
I can't believe myself...
I can't stop myself from wishing to rely on him...
despite my embarrassment.
I keep wishing things from him.
Like what?
I hope he helps...
my parents...
to be exempted from going to prison.
I want Mother and Father...
No, I mean...
I wish he can stop the vice chairman and Ms. No.
He will.
I'm sure he has gotten to know you better now.
I'm not sure.
Since he belongs to the Haesung family,
I am not so sure.
I'm sorry.
I had no idea.
Just because you stared at him so much,
I was mistaken.
I get it though. How could you think about love...
given the situation you are in now?
Yes, I'm going to send a few antitheft items,
steelmates, figures for license plates,
cell phone holders, and waterproof covers.
I'll send them first.
Yes, I asked for the best prices available here.
So try to come up with a good deal...
with the distribution company there.
Okay. I will send it by express mail right now.
Thank you. Goodbye.
Mom.
How did you find the restaurant?
Did Hae Ja tell you?
I asked her.
I should know where you work. I'm your daughter.
Why didn't you call me that you were coming?
The restaurant seems like a clean, nice place.
I'm busy. You should go.
Boss.
I think we need to order more vegetables.
"Boss"?
Okay. You should get back to work.
Yes, ma'am.
Mom, is this restaurant yours?
Well...
This is...
a franchised restaurant of Haesung Corporation.
A franchised restaurant of Haesung Corporation?
Ji An's parents gave you this?
Yes.
I'm sorry that I didn't tell you sooner.
But I had my reasons for keeping it a secret.
I see.
This paints me in a bad light, doesn't it?
I look shameless, don't I?
Ji An is taking care of you even after she left.
But I am your real daughter.
Ji Soo, don't think that way.
Mom, then I will help you after I finish work.
The headquarters dispatch employees.
Not anyone can just work here.
That's all right. You should go now.
Go meet your friends on your day off.
Why did you come here? Come on, get going now.
You should leave now, okay? I'm busy.
Go on.
The vice chairman is home.
You're home.
Yes.
What is it? Do you have something to say?
Was her name Jo Soon Ok?
The woman who took Eun Seok 25 years ago...
and who helped us find Eun Seok.
You said you gave them one million dollars.
Why are you asking me that all of a sudden?
Why did you just dismiss them?
You should have at least gotten their address.
Why are you bringing that up now?
That might cause trouble again.
That's not like you.
You're the one who isn't acting like yourself.
I said I took care of it.
Do you think I would have let them...
cause any trouble after I gave them one million?
Then you probably don't know where they are now.
They must be somewhere far away from me.
I see.
Is that all you have for me?
Yes.
What's gotten into him?
I'm home.
At the company?
As you know, this is an important event.
Her work ends at nine.
After she wraps it up and has dinner,
she won't get much sleep at home.
Are you referring to the room we made...
for the designers when they work all night?
I told her to stay there...
until the event is over.
It's more comfortable...
to sleep in her room even if it's for a short time.
Eun Seok agreed with me.
There's a shower there as well.
Tell her to do so then.
Her lack of sleep...
shouldn't cause problems at the anniversary event.
Let's give her a 10-day vacation...
after the event, Do Kyung.
Take care of her.
Okay. I'll tell Ga Eun to pack Ji An's clothes.
Mom, you're home.
Aren't you tired?
Not at all.
Mom, what's that look on your face?
It's the face you put on when you scold me.
No, I'm not here for that.
I came because I had to talk with you.
Talk with me? What is it?
Ji Soo.
Go study abroad.
Study abroad?
Mom, what do you mean?
I researched a bit.
You can't go to a French pastry school...
because you would need to learn French.
I heard there are pastry schools in Canada too.
You want to send me abroad with the money...
you earned at the restaurant?
That's part of it.
Your dad is starting a new business too.
Dad told me the same. Now, you too?
I already told Dad.
I don't need to study abroad.
I just want to learn from Mr. Baker.
It'd be better to learn how to bake from abroad...
since bread baking is a foreign technique.
Mom. I'm even scared of going to Itaewon...
because foreigners might talk to me.
I can't speak a word of English. No way.
I don't want to do that. Never.
Just think about it.
This is comfortable.
(Haesung Corporation)
Here.
I asked Ga Eun to pack it for you.
Okay. Thank you.
I got permission from my parents.
You should at least text them.
I will.
Wait.
Here's the necklace you gave me...
and the money I got left after paying student loan.
I'm sorry I spent it.
You don't have to talk about the money.
Let's just say I sponsored you.
As for the necklace...
I gave it to you as my little sister,
so I guess I should get it back.
I was too busy to get it fixed.
I am sorry.
And I will make sure to pay back the money...
I spent for my student loan.
Okay. You can do that.
Are you not going to eat breakfast?
I need to leave early and do something.
I got you 1,500 dollars for this month's expenses.
Have a good day.
He should've had breakfast.
Who is it?
- Hello. - Hello.
Here's the food you ordered.
Thank you.
- Did you order food? - Yes.
Soo A is here, but I am too busy to cook.
So I've decided to order the side dishes.
That means I don't have to cook anymore.
I was too busy anyway.
It's delicious.
Did you think about what I told you yesterday?
Mom, don't you know me?
Have you seen me doing something I hate?
This is good by the way.
- Ji Soo, come here. - Okay.
Is castella the new menu?
- Try it. - Okay.
It's castella-like loaf.
It's delicious.
How is it delicious? Explain to me.
It's soft.
It has the subtle flavor of whipped cream.
I think it would make a great meal.
Anyway, it's good.
You say you're a baker, and yet, you're vague.
Take this to the cafe, and ask what they think.
The cafe?
But Mr. Sun might be there.
He will get wrong ideas if I keep taking things.
I want to hear people's opinions on...
our new bread.
How can you let your feelings get...
- in the way of... - That shouldn't happen.
I should go.
And he's not Mr. Sun. He's Mr. Sunwoo.
What? He's not Mr. Sun. He's Mr. Sunwoo.
But his name is Sun Woo Hyuk.
His name is Sunwoo.
I mean...
His last name is Sunwoo, and his name is Hyuk.
Sunwoo Hyuk?
Sunwoo...
Like Dokgo, Namgoong...
So his last name was Sunwoo.
How did you know this by the way?
The bread is going to get cold. Hurry up.
Sunwoo Hyuk.
You're here.
Hello.
You're both here.
- Hello, ma'am. - Welcome.
What is that?
It's our new menu.
My boss asked for your opinion.
Our baker asked for it.
I am curious. Your bread is delicious.
One second.
Can I try it too?
What?
You only asked her to taste it.
Oh, I did.
Have a seat.
You can just eat it with a fork.
Mr. Sunwoo and I...
are not a big fan of bread.
We can't digest it well.
But your bread doesn't upset my stomach.
It's delicious. It's soft.
It would be perfect for breakfast.
Thank you.
By the way, if you don't mind me asking,
how old are you, Ji Soo?
Isn't it rude to ask a lady's age?
No, it's okay.
I am 28 years old.
My goodness. You two are the same age.
Are you the same age as me?
I thought you were much younger than me.
I am a little immature.
So we are the same age.
We could be friends.
What?
Friends.
That's nice.
I at least get to become friends with him now.
Why? What is it?
Did she say it was bad?
What did she say about it?
Of course she liked it. You made it.
In what ways did she say it was delicious?
She said it was soft,
and it had the subtle flavor of whipped cream.
She said it would be perfect as a meal.
That's exactly the comment I was looking for.
It's exactly what I said a while ago.
Mr. Jo will take charge of the retro section.
Ms. Yang will be in charge of the flee market.
Mr. Song will be in charge of hand printing.
Ms. Yoon will be in charge of the fashion show.
Mr. Woo will be in charge of the concert.
And I will be in charge of the natural dye workshop.
I will go back and forth the office and the event.
You should make sure it's hygienic and safe.
Yes.
Are you ready for the opening event?
I just need to inform the press...
and the film crew.
Please recheck everything...
so that your hard work won't be wasted.
I will see you tomorrow at the convention hall.
Dismissed.
- Thank you, sir. - Thank you.
I took care of it. Do you think I would let them...
think about causing trouble again...
after getting paid a million dollars?
(Vice Chairman)
Yes, sir.
Ms. Min, please come to my office right now.
Right now?
I will send the driver. Take the car.
Ms. Seo, how is everything going?
I contacted the press, and they released...
the article about Mr. Jung's workshop.
And the advertisements on social media...
are all going as planned.
The vice chairman is particularly...
interested in Mr. Jung.
So take care of him well.
I prepared a penthouse at Hotel MJ.
I also sent him a car.
Okay.
Are we all ready then?
Yes, at 3, they will start decorating the venue.
You just need to check the progress then.
Good job.
Sir.
Can I take a nap until 3pm?
Go ahead.
It's going to be tiring until tomorrow.
You should get some sleep too, Ji An.
I will check the woods and sleep.
Hello?
Hyuk, it's me, Ji An.
I called to inquire about the wood pillars.
You need them at the venue before 3pm, right?
I am taking them to Incheon right now.
Why Incheon?
I have to go there to pick up our wood,
and 3pm seemed too tight.
So I will drop yours off on my way back.
I'll go with you.
With me?
Do you have time to go to Incheon?
They'll start decorating the venue at 3pm.
I have a question for you.
You must know why I am asking you here.
I will remember that.
Where is Jo Soon Ok?
- Sir? - Jo Soon Ok.
When we were looking for Eun Seok,
you went with Mr. No to meet her.
I don't know where she is now.
Don't you know her address?
I want to meet her.
They left right away.
Do you think Mr. No doesn't know?
As you know,
Mr. No is not clumsy.
Well.
You got toothbrushes to get a DNA sample.
How did you confirm that it was Eun Seok's?
There were two toothbrushes.
Two?
Yes.
Then how did you confirm that Ji An is Eun Seok?
I was outside,
and Ms. No went straight from Jo's house...
to Mr. Seo's house.
She met with Ms. Yang...
and got convinced.
There was no additional DNA test?
From my understanding, there was none.
This is the last one.
Get the last one.
Any freebies?
You're getting better each day, Mr. Sunwoo.
The last one is the freebie.
You don't get fooled now.
Don't be silly in front of the beautiful lady.
Get going now.
I've known him for over three years,
and he's never brought his girlfriend here.
- I.. - It's because she's not.
Sunwoo, you're good at manual labor.
I've been doing this once a year for years.
But you studied interior design.
How did you end up doing this?
I never knew you wanted to become an entrepreneur.
I don't want to become an entrepreneur.
I enjoyed it, and that made me get this far.
You enjoy it?
You run business for fun?
Can't we talk about it while we eat?
There's a nice restaurant nearby.
I said I wanted to grab lunch.
Why did you barge into my office?
I already have a lunch appointment.
I can't stay.
What do you mean? Is something wrong?
You're the one who's done something.
Me?
You asked me to hire someone.
A 28-year-old lady...
who majored in business management.
Don't misunderstand me.
She's the woman who you owed 20,000 dollars to.
After you called, I thought about it.
After you decided on your engagement,
you've been keeping away from women.
The only new girl in your life...
is that 20,000-dollar lady.
I told you not to misunderstand me.
You asked for a shopper for her, didn't you?
Gi Jae, your imagination is reasonable,
but it's not as simple as that.
I won't explain it to you,
and you shouldn't have come here for that.
But you did ask me to hire someone.
It's very unlike you.
I just want her to have a decent job.
She keeps bothering me.
If I give her a good position,
will you feel at ease?
Then I will do it.
Please do it.
I heard your fiancee...
is coming to Korea for a family event.
Is she? When next week?
I made furniture...
and decorated the house of my two friends,
and other friends asked too.
That's when I started charging them.
Was that the beginning?
Our generation likes decorating our homes.
We know the importance of space.
That's fascinating.
I thought you started with a business plan.
A business plan?
Life never works out the way you plan it.
Having no plan is my plan.
When I hated going to the wood workshop,
you got me going.
I didn't want to lose to a girl, so I tried harder.
Then I fell in love with wood.
But we were young then.
Right. There's more.
You and I had a plan.
We planned to study at Hongik University...
and go abroad to study.
But you ended up majoring in management,
and I went to college that offered me a scholarship.
Scholarship?
My dad was a carpenter...
who was always drunk, you know.
Your profile says you went to Youngmin University.
I transferred.
I did everything for a year.
I see.
You don't have to pity me like that.
I only did part-time jobs that I enjoyed.
I am jealous of you.
Do you live with your dad now?
Dad lives by himself.
I live in a shared house with my sister.
In a shared house?
The person who invested in it is very rich.
He wants to have fun and make money,
so he does strange things.
Isn't your sister married?
I am sorry.
My sister, who is 12 years older than me,
got divorced five years ago,
and now, she's under my protection.
You seem so mature.
Don't you just love this place?
Isn't it delicious?
Very delicious.
You never used to eat this well before.
Right?
Strangely, I eat a lot when I am with you.
After we eat,
let's drink coffee at the seawall.
The view is nice.
I don't have time for that.
I can't be late to the event.
I love I got to see the ocean.
I think it's been about seven years.
Then we should come back again.
You can see it again on the way back.
Can you wait a week?
I know how strange I was...
and how much I worried you.
And I feel sorry about that.
It would've been nice if I've been honest.
But now,
I don't have the strength to talk about that.
I have to use all my energy on this event.
Okay. Do that.
Thank you.
This way.
You can leave them here.
Please move those here.
This place is huge.
This way, please.
Are those the wood pillars?
They will be installed here and there.
- Here and there? - Yes.
Ji An, I'll get going now. Call me.
Gosh.
Was he the one...
making the wood pillars?
She said she severed all the connections.
She must be preparing to go back to her life.
You're back.
Yes. Your coffee was indeed very nice.
I'll drink vanilla latte today.
Latte, please.
Okay.
Thank you.
Enjoy.
Do you live in this neighborhood?
I have a business nearby.
By the way,
you didn't coffee before, did you?
When is before?
Oh, that time.
Many years have passed.
By the way,
how do you still remember that time?
I have a good memory for no reason.
You open at 11am...
and close at 10pm, right?
Yes.
How can you manage your family life?
You work alone at the cafe for 11 hours.
Why would you work like a manual laborer...
for your hobby?
Working at a cafe is not manual labor.
Is it not?
- It's not. - All right then.
The coffee got cold while talking.
I will make a new one.
Thank you.
Please get me a cup of coffee, ma'am.
You should hire another person.
I will go somewhere else to learn to bake.
Ji Soo.
Mr. Baker, what's wrong?
- I need some milk. - Are you all right?
- I just have heartburn. - Oh my gosh.
Get me organic milk.
Why didn't I think about this before?
No one would recognize me, right?
It's going to be dangerous if you hold me like that.
The breeze is gentle, isn't it?
It is nice, but we're star-crossed lovers.
We can't expect more.
I know.
You should stop once I say no. Okay?
Anytime.
My gosh.
Were you startled?
You did that on purpose.
While we ride a bike together,
just listen to music without thinking.
Hello? This is Seo Ji Ho speaking.
Where is it?
Hongdae?
No thanks. College students never tip.
I won't go unless it's in Gangnam.
It's urgent as the waiters there quit without notice.
You'll be paid for the day though.
I'll double your pay. Just come with me, okay?
Double pay?
It was fun. I didn't know riding a bike was so fun.
- Let's go then. - To where?
We'll go to a drive-in movie theater.
A drive-in theater?
You haven't been to a theater with a man before.
It'd be safer in a drive-in theater.
Are we going to watch a movie in a car?
I hate being in a confined space.
I can push the seat back if you want.
Let's go to a club.
You promised me not to go to a club again.
I meant I won't go there alone.
It's okay if you're coming with me.
I've dreamed of going to a club with my boyfriend.
We're not dressed for a club now.
And we don't have anything to cover your face.
Then let's go to a club in Hongdae.
Our people only go to clubs in Gangnam.
Hongdae?
Hongdae.
I'm back.
We've got some customers who ordered whisky.
They might tip you. I'll let you serve them.
You're so nice.
Where are they?
They're over there. Do you see them?
Why? Do you know that jerk?
- That jerk? - Yes, the judo man.
Judo man?
Is he an athlete?
No, that's not it.
He can lay down any woman he wants.
Like a judo player.
Lay women down like a judo player?
Gosh, that jerk...
And a secret affair with Cinderella?
Oh, okay.
Hey, just go to them.
The girl will pay for the drinks.
I think you should serve them instead.
Why? I'm trying to be nice to you.
I'll serve the other tables. Just go.
What's wrong with him?
This is amazing.
The whisky is even better with some beer.
I told you to have only one drink.
It's okay.
I told Ms. Min I'd go to a wrap-up party tonight.
Get some fresh air so you can sober up.
It's cool.
Turn your face away. People will see you.
Wait a minute.
- Excuse me. - Oh my gosh.
What was that?
You.
Guys in the club keep asking me to pick her up.
Hi.
You.
Pull it up a little more.
Just a little more.
(Experience Hall for Indigo Natural Dyeing)
There were two toothbrushes.
There was no additional DNA test?
From my understanding, there was none.
(Seo Ji An is not Choi Eun Seok)
Why are you so quiet?
Don't you want to go?
Do you like working at the company more?
I... I am...
It looks good.
What do you think?
I like the stage setting.
Although we'll have to see how the event will go.
I can tell you worked hard for the diverse events.
Thank you.
The opening is...
Jung Kang Soo's dyeing event, right?
Yes. It begins at 10:30am.
Can we come back for the fashion show after that?
Yes.
I'll fix it right away.
- Is it working? - No.
Not yet?
Engineering Team, there's an exposed wire...
by the snack corner.
Hello.
Draw on the shirt over there,
take a photo,
and upload it to...
our company's event webpage.
Take your shirts.
Here you go.
Ms. Yang, I'll pay for this later.
Thank you.
Comfort me without a word
The wind is so cold
Fill my empty heart
A tear-stained letter
On the white paper
In your neat handwriting
The truth you did not speak of
No problems, right?
None, sir.
Yes, sir.
They brought the podium for the stage.
I'll be right there.
Can you check if the dyed fabric's dry?
The fabric here...
Go and get Mr. Jung.
I called him at lunchtime.
He left for Pyeongchang.
What?
Do any companies have blue fabric?
Yes, I asked two to bring some.
Who on earth took it?
We went to such lengths...
to find Mr. Jung to get the same color...
before the launch of our premium line.
Now, the colors won't match.
I don't have any clothes to give you.
Wrap this around your neck.
Thank you.
Is there a problem with the show?
Sir.
Sir, I have bad news.
A dye company just called.
The traffic's so heavy, and they can't...
get here by 7pm.
They can't make it?
Why are you the one telling me that?
Where's Ms. Seo?
They couldn't reach her, so they called...
She can't be reached?
The number you have dialed...
Where are you, Ji An?
Mr. Choi.
Where'd you get this?
It's what Mr. Jung gave me.
I'd left it at work.
I couldn't call because I was on a motorcycle.
A motorcycle?
You went there and back on a motorcycle?
I went over the speed limit.
We shall begin the customer...
model fashion show.
A round of applause, please.
Well done.
Spend this on a team dinner.
Thank you, sir.
Wrap things up.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
You should eat meat.
Will this be enough?
Meat calls for soju,
and soju only causes a hangover.
After a long day,
nothing beats cold beer.
I can't drink soju.
If that's what you want, okay.
I'm fine with it.
It was a successful opening ceremony,
the most important part of our 40th anniversary.
Well done, everyone.
- Well done. - Well done.
Ms. Seo.
You did great.
You're amazing. I give you that.
Thank you.
Sorry for everything.
I made you make coffee...
and drive my car around.
Is that all you're sorry for?
What?
If we start apologizing,
we'll all have to say sorry.
We all owe you something.
How about a toast of apology?
Don't say that. Stop it.
I like the sound of that. Let's do it.
Don't you drink, sir?
I don't like beer.
Then go home.
Why stay if you can't drink?
- Cheers. - Cheers.
Sorry, Ji An.
- Well done. - Great job.
- Well done. - Well done.
You did great today.
Good for you.
You're picking a fight after just three glasses?
I'm not picking a fight.
I admit that you're better than me.
This is why alcohol is good.
It makes people honest.
I'm going to quit.
You'll quit?
I asked Dad to find me another job.
Okay then. Quit.
If you do, someone who really deserves...
the job will be able to work.
I don't care about that.
I'm quitting because of you.
I feel uncomfortable.
It's annoying.
Were you unhappy that I made you look bad?
That I took what wasn't yours at all?
You know you can never...
beat me while you're here,
so you're running away.
I have so many other companies to go to.
I'm sure you do.
But wherever you are, don't forget that...
people who know how you got in...
will mock you and not take you seriously.
What?
They'll smile at you, but laugh at you inside.
Why?
Because you're actually a loser.
You can say what you want.
I'll actually have a better life than you.
Sure.
You'll have a great life.
You'll eat and sleep better than me forever.
On the outside, of course.
While others scorn you for what you are.
I acknowledged that...
you're better than me because we were friends.
I am better than you without your admittance.
Did you think you'd feel better if you...
said that before you resigned?
No, you won't.
You have no pride.
- Hey! - You use connections.
Live accordingly.
Don't be proud that...
your dad got you where you are.
You should be ashamed. Be embarrassed.
Bye.
Let's go.
Oh dear.
- Mr. Lee. - Yes?
Ms. Seo has to go to the office.
I'll drop her off.
Yes, sir.
Sir.
I called for a few taxis.
Send the ladies off first.
Ms. Seo, you wait here.
Let's go.
How about round two? More drinks.
Follow me.
She left already?
Where are you?
Sorry, sir.
I dozed off in the car.
Some jerk parked in front of me...
with the side brake on.
Okay.
Where did she go?
How is my husband?
He isn't home yet.
He left early saying he felt unwell...
and he isn't home?
The phone is turned off. Please leave...
Sorry for asking to see you so late.
It's okay. I was waiting since my senior called.
Thank you in advance.
Okay.
(Choi Jae Sung)
Ms. Seo.
Get up. I'll drive you.
No, sir. You don't need to.
Don't worry about me.
I'm looking after a great employee.
Not you in particular.
I did do...
pretty well today, didn't I?
Right, Mr. Choi?
Yes.
You did well.
Can you give me five minutes?
I'm so sleepy.
Nap until Secretary Yoo brings the car around.
About what I did today.
Will you tell your mother...
and father for me?
I will.
Then promise you'll tell them...
what I did to get...
the blue fabric from the office.
Tell Ms. No and Mr. Choi for me.
I will.
I'll tell them.
Today,
you did very well.
You went through a lot.
Not just today.
Until today.
You did great.
You suffered a lot,
Seo Ji An.
Did I really?
I did.
I did really well today.
Yes.
You did well.
I did great, didn't I?
Subtitle ripped and resynced by redixion
You did...
so, so well.
You felt like a real brother just now.
I liked you when...
you were my brother.
It'll be all over in five days.
I don't think...
I'll be able to say goodbye then.
I'll say it now.
I was sorry.
I was grateful.
I hope...
you are well.
Let's...
never meet again.
Never again.